Your app runs,
but only the server can see it.
Let's give it a real domain with automatic
TLS.
Four short steps,
and it's on the internet.
Here is the path:
grab a Cloudflare API token,
configure the infrastructure once on the
CLI,
push it to the server,
then deploy a small proxy repo
that handles DNS and certificates for
you.
First,
the one manual step.
Open the Cloudflare dashboard,
go to My Profile,
then API Tokens,
and create a token with Zone
DNS Edit permission.
That single token lets the CLI
manage your DNS records,
so you never click through dashboards
again.
Step two. We set the public IP, the
base domain, the certificate email, and
the Cloudflare API token from the command line
. The cert email and the token are shared across all
your machines, so you only set them once.
Infrastructure recorded in your config.
Let us confirm the infrastructure settings were stored
. Public IP, base domain, certificate
email, all visible.
Settings stored. Ready to push to the server.
Step three:
push the configuration to the server.
With a real token this creates
your DNS records on Cloudflare automatically
and prepares the proxy configuration.
Pushed. DNS records are being created
on Cloudflare.
Step four:
create a small repo named infra.
Why its own repo?
The proxy routes traffic for every app
on this server.
Infrastructure deserves its own isolated box,
away from your application code.
Infra repo created. Isolated from your app repos.
Apply the proxy template. It carries Traefik
plus the configuration for Let's Encrypt and Cloudflare
DNS-01 challenges, ready to go.
Traefik configuration in place.
And bring the proxy up. Traefik discovers
your containers automatically. TLS certificates
come from Let's Encrypt automatically. Your
app is now reachable on the internet over HTTPS.
Proxy is live. TLS certificates
will arrive automatically.
And that's networking sorted! See
you in the next one.